UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023

Commission File Number: 001-36743

APPLE INC.
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

California                    94-2404110
(State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

One Apple Park Way
Cupertino, California 95014
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(408) 996-1010
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class: Common Stock, $0.00001 par value
Trading symbol(s): AAPL
Name of exchange: The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

RISK FACTORS

The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully
considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the Company faces.

Macroeconomic and Industry Risks

The Company's operations and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions.

The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of
the Company's total net sales. In addition, the Company's supply chain is global. As a result,
the Company's operations and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions.

Global and regional economic conditions, including the impact of recessions, inflation, higher
interest rates, slower growth or decline in the markets the Company operates in, and actual or
anticipated changes in global trade policies, such as import or export restrictions, tariffs, and
other trade barriers, could adversely affect the demand for the Company's products and services,
the availability and cost of components and raw materials, and the Company's ability to generate
revenue and profit.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

The Company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables
and accessories, and sells a variety of related services.
